# MCB Base Project

Check the documentation in the Doc folder for information about various things
in this project.

# Contribution Guide

Begin by cloning this repository to your Windows workstation.
Each member will work on private branches, for specific features. For example,
Tarkan working on the chassis code would create a branch called `tarkan_chassis`.
The format is `firstname_feature`.
Once you have the feature tested and ready for re-integration, submit a merge
request. Proper documentation of code is important, as well as a description
of the features being merged, should all be part of the merge request.

## Coding Guidelines

Files will be broken down into .c and .h files. .c files go in the Src directory.
.h files go in the Inc directory. All files created will have a comment at the
top of the file with the filename and what the file is used for.
Function declarations for public functions in the .h files. Externed variables
are declared in .h files. `#define` constants go in .h files.

### Variable/function names

All variables and functions will be preceeded by the name of the file they are
defined in. e.g. if we are creating a constant for the DR16 remote in the dr16.h/.c
file, we would do: `#define DR16_CONSTANT_NAME_HERE (1)`.
Another example of a function declaration:
```
uint32_t chassis_handle_drive(rc_info_t remote) {
   // Function stuff here 
}
```
Functions and variables will be all lowercase, with underscores between words.
`#define` constants will be all uppercase with underscores between words.
Types will be all lowercase with underscores between words, and end in `_t`.
e.g. `rc_info_t`.

### Commenting
All functions should have comments for what they do and the parameters they take.
Variables should have comments for what they are used for, and any possible invariants
that they must always adhere to. e.g. the input to the chassis drive motors must
never exceed 2^{15} - 1.

## File creation

To create new .c and .h files, follow these steps in Keil uVision.

1. In the Project view, right click on Application/User
2. Click 'Add New Item to Group Application/User'
3. Select 'C File' or 'Header File'
4. Type in a short (preferably 1 word) name for the file
5. Change the location to be Src (if creating a .c file) or Inc (if creating a .h file)
6. Click Add to finish creating the file

### Includes

To use the HAL libraries, include the relevant periphal files generated by
CubeMX (i.e. can.h, usart.h, etc) and "stm32f4xx_hal.h".

# Important Links:

[DJI's Provided Firmware Repository](https://github.com/RoboMaster/RoboRTS-Firmware)
